---
license: mit
language:
- en
---
## Dataset Summary

SWE-ContextBench is a benchmark created to evaluate how well programming agents, such as AI coding systems, can ***reuse past experience when solving new tasks***. It is built on top of existing datasets including [SWE-Bench Lite](https://huggingface.co/datasets/princeton-nlp/SWE-bench_Lite), [SWE-Bench Multilingual](https://huggingface.co/datasets/SWE-bench/SWE-bench_Multilingual), and [SWE-Bench Verified](https://huggingface.co/datasets/princeton-nlp/SWE-bench_Verified). The dataset contains 1,100 base tasks along with 376 related tasks that are derived from real dependency and reference relationships among GitHub issues and pull requests. These tasks are organized in a way that groups together problems with shared context, enabling the study of ***how effectively an agent can transfer knowledge across similar situations***. The dataset spans 51 real-world GitHub repositories and covers 9 different programming languages. 

SWE-ContextBench is introduced as part of the research paper titled [SWE Context Bench: A Benchmark for Context Learning in Coding](https://arxiv.org/abs/2602.08316).


## Dataset Details


### Dataset Structure
The SWEContextBench_Experience.parquet file contains the 1,100 base tasks, which form the pool of prior experience. These tasks can be executed to build and organize context, such as summaries, retrieval strategies, and usage methods, with the goal of accurately capturing and reusing past experience. 

The SWEContextBench_Related.parquet file includes the 376 related tasks; when running these tasks, agents are expected to access information from the experience pool in a chosen way, enabling more accurate solutions with improved efficiency and reduced computational cost. 

The two lite versions follow the same structure but are smaller in size, making them suitable for faster experimentation. 

The SWEContextBench_Relationship.parquet file defines the links between related tasks and their corresponding base experience tasks, indicating which tasks are connected.


### Evaluation
To support quick and standardized evaluation, we provide pre-built [Docker images](https://hub.docker.com/r/jiayuanz3/swecontextbench/tags) for the related tasks. In addition, the evaluation code for running experiments on these tasks is publicly available on [Github](https://github.com/jiayuanz3/SWEContextBench). These resources make it easier for researchers and developers to reproduce results and consistently evaluate different programming agents on the benchmark.


### Data Instances
For SWEContextBench_Experience.parquet, SWEContextBench_Related.parquet, SWEContextBench_Lite_Experience.parquet, and SWEContextBench_Related_Lite.parquet, we follow the same data format convention as the SWE-Bench series datasets, using identical columns and structure to ensure consistency and compatibility. The dataset includes the standard fields provided by SWE-Bench, which we adopt without modification. The details of these fields are shown below:
```
instance_id: (str) - A formatted instance identifier, usually as repo_owner__repo_name-PR-number.
patch: (str) - The gold patch, the patch generated by the PR (minus test-related code), that resolved the issue.
repo: (str) - The repository owner/name identifier from GitHub.
base_commit: (str) - The commit hash of the repository representing the HEAD of the repository before the solution PR is applied.
hints_text: (str) - Comments made on the issue prior to the creation of the solution PR’s first commit creation date.
created_at: (str) - The creation date of the pull request.
test_patch: (str) - A test-file patch that was contributed by the solution PR.
problem_statement: (str) - The issue title and body.
version: (str) - Installation version to use for running evaluation.
environment_setup_commit: (str) - commit hash to use for environment setup and installation.
FAIL_TO_PASS: (str) - A json list of strings that represent the set of tests resolved by the PR and tied to the issue resolution.
PASS_TO_PASS: (str) - A json list of strings that represent tests that should pass before and after the PR application.
```

For SWEContextBench_Relationship.parquet, we define them as below:
```
related_instance_id: (str) -  New related task's id, usually as repo_owner__repo_name-PR-number.
related_pr_url: (str) - New related task's PR-url.
related_issue_url: (str) - New related task's Issue-url. 
experience_instance_id: (str) - Same instance_id as its in SWE-Bench.
experience_pr_url: (str) - Same PR-url as its in SWE-Bench.
experience_issue_url: (str) - Same Issue-url as its in SWE-Bench.
```